Artist: Eminem, Royce Da 5'9", Big Sean, Danny Brown, Dej Loaf, Trick Trick
Album:  Shady XV
Song:   Detroit Vs. Everybody
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro: Trick Trick]
Detroit!

[Chorus: Dej Loaf] + (Trick Trick)
Tell 'em if they want it, they can come get that (static!)
I swear I love my city, I just want a lil' (static!)
See me, they salute me, they ain't ready for that (static!)
Detroit vs. Everybody~!

[Royce Da 5'9"]
I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree
All these females need to email to make noise and now things changin a lot
He fuck with my authority
Then he shall see shells but not by the seashore if he gang bangin or not
It's simple as the alphabet
He F with me that G shall surely see/C, he definitely is 'bout it
It's retail fraud, he's weak
The honest gesture, the trigger finger 'round the diamond tester, we tail flaw with heat
The same soldier
It's me myself and I ridin 'round shootin my biopic and my autobiography, Range Rover
This ain't the squash beef state
You thinkin makeup, we thinkin Lark Voorhies face
The twin Eagles'll air his coupe, might as well ride by in an ambulance
My pair'll shoot/parachute like skydivin in Hammer pants
So call it sibling rivalry
Take his life, call it the unforgivable robbery
A wise man told me that holdin a grudge
is like lettin somebody just live inside of your head rent-free
(Real talk!) I don't got time to evict these clowns
Y'all niggaz been bitches, that's none of my business but I don't sip tea
(That's Nickel) Ride around his block
All he know is pitfalls, that's why he always climbin out his drop
(I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die? (Whatupdoe)

[Trick Trick]
Yeah welcome to Detroit motherfucker! (Detroit!)

[Big Sean]
Sean Don
Boy I need no halves and halves, I want the game in entirety
100 percent cut, no stitches required
Welcome to Detroit where if you get that promotion
Don't worry, man them bullets'll still be at yo' ass firin
I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpirin
Boy I hit the beat and just treat that shit like a diary
I'm offended if you hear my new shit and you ain't rewindin me
Self made, I never needed your bail or a wire, see
I'm never callin collect, I call to collect
My homie wanted a Chevy so I put my dawg in the 'vette
Hah, plus I'm so loyal that that paper boy is all that I fetch
If the ball in my hand then the ball in the net
Bitch I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me
I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me
I'm over-respected, my momma gated community's over-protective
So futuristic I'm already over my next bitch
Reminiscin on listenin to 50 fifty times a day
Back when tenth grade was like fifty days away
Tryin to get paid fifty ways a day
Used to put fifty on the layaway, now my closet +Fifty Shades of Grey+
26 and I done lived a lifetime a few times
From futons to Grey Poupons
In church tryin to get a little savings, yeah coupons
I spit that A1 e'ry day, I'm hittin new primes
Now the steaks/stakes high, niggaz surprised at the new lines
Takin down my number like, "You still ain't got a new line?"
Naw it's the same, we've been laborin for years
I know it took way longer than nine months but fuck it, it's all in due time
I turned a blunt to a roach with dreams of bein a Beatle
Don't want to, I need to, ya gotta learn to keep it cerebral
When ya come up in a place where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful
This is just part one, wait 'til the sequel (let's go!)
Lil' bitch

[Chorus]

[Danny Brown]
Comin from them streets where they thirsty, starvin to eat
Just a step away from failin, that's why they call it the D
Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty
Honestly no honor roll, but honored up in them streets
Cause I'm a Linwood nigga, them young niggaz hit ya
Put a stack on your head, you'll bleed a lake on Grand River
And to think y'all hood harder then I might beg to differ
Know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller
In a blink I'll hit your kisser, bet yo' ass not rememberin
They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissorin
So nigga I'm a veteran, retire my letterman
Had K's in front your school but I ain't go to no Kettering
Cough up a lung, 3-13 where I'm from
Gan' got me cross-eyed like Bernstein's son
Any nigga try to copy, put a hole in his top
It's us vs. them

[Trick Trick]
Detroit vs. Everybody, yeah!

[Eminem]
Lately it seems as if it's me against the world
Like it was, before my life became a movie
And they used to use my motherfuckin trailer to tease me with
But I flip that script like a refiller, painkillers to pop the lid off that safety seal
It made me feel amazing, Navy SEAL of bravery
And if I may reiterate I ain't even need a script, ain't bein conceited
but I made it to radio, eat a dick, I still never ABC the shit
Mainstream appeal but the skill is what made me iller since before they called Jay Dee "Dilla"
I was daydreamin one day I would be the shit
And if I ever end up escapin these streets I swear that I would stay here still in it
I'm crazy, I'll always be real uh, don't make me steal an 18-wheeler
Break all of my friends out of here and take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer
Peel off back to the same block that we came from on a rampage, you crazy for me to flip
What's makin you think I need a switch?
Cause I'm Adrian Peterson, when he's ragin and heated and, on the way to go beat his kid?
On the track get spank like he just did (DETROIT!) I can't never leave this bitch
Sick of bein treated like me and shit
But Jesus I can see just why people quit callin me to do features and them cyphers on BET cause if
I wasn't me, I probably wouldn't wanna play with me neither, shit
Seems to be reachin this fever pitch, 180 degrees in here
Tryin to wait for the cedar chips
MC's just bit off more than they can chew like a face full of Swedish Fish, or Lorena with two penises
Hateful ingenious, this inconvenience
And for the record you won't want this type of static in your life when I'm makin you cling to it
Then consider tryin to reinsulate you when it's maybe in for another crazy winter
Cause so cold in the D it is - as days begin to tick away
But ain't this what really made me into the angry bitter blonde, but ain't we sick of bein underdogs?
Don't make me unleash this shit, release this Pit, may even seem as if
I'm yankin your chain a bit or maybe the way in which I'm sayin shit
is playin with you, but ain't shit changin, it's still the same shit
And Shady's still a lady killer since the day I went insane and then attacked the baby-sitter
with a potato peeler, and mushed her face into the entertainment center
It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again
or the Bermuda Triangle and attempted to make a safe descent
Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated, it could be danger
Did you make arrangements with the gangsters 'fore you came here?
And if they mention us

[Chorus]

[Outro: Trick Trick]
Whatupdoe, it's the godfather Trick Trick
You either ridin with us, or gettin rolled on
That mean Detroit vs. EVERYBODY!
Hey Em, let me get that instrumental, take it down to the hood
Let the lil' homies get this remix crackin
Detroit!
OKAY! {*echoes*}