Artist: Run The Jewels
Album:  Run The Jewels 3
Song:   Don't Get Captured
Typed by: Cedmaster3K, kirenamloh@msn.com

[Intro: Killer Mike]
Yeah (yeah, yeah, yeah...)
Yeah (yeah, yeah, yeah...)
You~! (you, you, you...)

[Killer Mike]
Hello from the "Little Shop of Horrors"
Ski mask like the "Phantom of the Opera"
Go cold like the land of Chicago
Child soldiers sprayin' the chopper (blatt!)
But you don't give a fuck, that's them though
'Til a peasant put a pistol in your window
You ain't really need that chain
You ain't really need that ring, you ain't really need them thangs
"Snow on The Bluff" showed up
with the slums in the city blown up
Now the white folks showed up, everything bought sold up
Niggas assed out, niggas po'd up
Politicians so corrupt
Sold our black ass out
Really ain't color, my brother
Here in Cabbagetown, they put they white-ass out
Truth been told, I'm out

[Chorus: Killer Mike] (El-P)
He in here, me in here, we in here
(Don't get captured!)
No cryin here, just do your dirt and disappear
(Don't get captured!)
Then lay it low, take it slow then reappear
(Don't get captured!)
Return to us, victorious, smoke pounds of kush
(Don't get captured!)

{Trackstar the DJ cuts and scratches "Don't get captured!" and "Yea!"}

[El-P]
Good day from the house of the haunted
Get a job, get a house, get a coffin (uh)
Don't stray from the path, remain where you at
That maximizes our profit
Is that blunt? Oh well hell, so's this boot
We live to hear you say, "Please don't shoot"
Pure delight, c'mon make my night
When I file reports, what's right's what I write
Snuff films air all night
'til your last sane thought take flight
What a great sight, what a job, what a good life
The more we act wrong, the more we are right
And who exactly gon' stop what we got?
We don't argue, we are not calm and impartial
Some call it work, but it's more like an art
We just paint the walls with your heart and we better not catch you

[Chorus]

[Outro: Killer Mike] + (El-P)
Don't get captured
(Don't get captured)
Don't get captured
(Don't get captured)
Don't get captured
(Don't get captured)