Artist: Eminem f/ Sia
Album:  Shady XV
Song:   Guts Over Fear
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Intro/Interlude: Eminem]
Feels like a close, it's coming to
Fuck am I, gonna do?
It's too late to start, overrrrrr
This is the only thing I, thing I know

[Eminem]
Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is, find different ways to word the same old songs
Ever since I came along from the day the song called "Hi, +My Name Is+" dropped
Started thinkin my name was Fault, cause anytime things went wrong
I was the one who they would blame it on
The media, made me the equivalent of a modern-day Genghis Kahn
Tried to argue it was only entertainment dawg, gangster? Naw, courageous balls
Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft, and I sound like AZ and Nas
Out came the claws and the fangs been out since then; but up until the instant that I went against it
It was ingrained in me that I wouldn't amount to a shitstain I thought
No wonder I had to un-learn everything my brain was taught
"Do I really belong in this game?" I pondered, I just wanna play my part
Should I make waves or not? So back and forth in my brain the tug-of-war wages on
And I don't wanna seem ungrateful or disrespect the artform I was raised up on
But sometimes you gotta take a loss and have people rub it in your face before you get made pissed off
And keep pluggin, it's your only outlet, and your only outfit
So you know they're gonna talk about it, better find a way to counter it quick and make it, ahh!
Feel like I've already said this a ka-billion eighty times
How many times can I say the same thing different ways that rhyme?
What I really wanna say is, if there's anyone else that can relate to my
story, betcha feel the same way I felt when I was in the same place you are
when I was afraid ta

[Chorus: Sia]
I was a, afraid to make a single sound
Afraid I would never find a way out-out-out
Afraid I'd never be fou-ound
I don't wanna go another rou-ou-ound
An angry man's power will shut you up
Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love
Run out of excuses for everyone
So here I am and I will not runnnnnn
Guts, over, fear!
The time is near!
Guts, over, fear!
I shed a tear!
For all the times I let you push me around
And let you keep me down
Now I got - guts, over fear
Guts, over fear

[Interlude]

[Eminem]
I know what it was like, I was there once, single parents, hate your appearance
As you struggle to find your place in this world, and the pain spawns all the anger on
But it wasn't 'til I put the pain in song, learned who to aim it on that I made a spark
Started to spit harder shit, learned how to harness it while the reins were off (off)
And there was a lot of bizarre shit but the crazy part
was soon as I stopped sayin I gave a fuck, haters started to appreciate my art
And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused
But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone and the lights go out in that trailer park? (oh-OHH-oh!)
And the window is closin and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows and I'm frozen
cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from, just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun
So to the break of dawn, here I go recyclin the same old song
But I'd rather make "Not Afraid 2" than make another motherfuckin "We Made You", uh!
And I don't wanna seem indulgent when I discuss my lows and my highs
My demise and my uprise, pray to God - I just open enough eyes later on
Gave you the supplies and the tools to hopefully use that'll make ya strong
Enough to lift yourself up, when you feel like I felt cause I can't explain to y'all
how dang exhausted my legs felt, just havin to balance my dang self
When on eggshells I was made to walk, but thank you ma cause that gave me the
strength to cause Shady-mania, so when they empty that stadium
Least I made it outta that house and found a place in this world when the day was done
So this is for every kid who all's they ever did was dreamt of one day just gettin accepted
I represent him or her, anyone similar, you are the reason that I made this song
And everything you're scared to say don't be afraid to say no more
From this day forward, just let them A-holes talk, take it with a grain of salt
And eat their fuckin faces OFF~!
The legend of the angry blonde lives on through you when I'm gone
And to think I was a

[Chorus]