Artist: Run The Jewels f/ Danny Brown
Album:  Run The Jewels 3
Song:   Hey Kids (Bumaye)
Typed by: Cedmaster3K, kirenamloh@msn.com

[Intro: El-P]
Ay, ay ki-, ay kids!

("This is so craaa-ZY~!")

[Killer Mike]
Say hello to the masters, on behalf of the classless masses
We showed up, ski masks, picks and axes to murder asses
Lift up our glasses and watch your palaces burn to ashes
Fuckin' fascists, who the fuck are you to give fifty lashes?
All cause I'm motivated, stimulated, never smokin' simulate, happy and burnin' hashes
Killer killer dealin' with him like he's a squealer, get 'em, got 'em, shot 'em and flipped the mattress
Woo! I'm the man bitch, got big ideas, got plans to rob
Any Rothschild livin', Bill Gates and the ghost of Jobs
Yeah I said it, I meant it, I ain't flinch'n, Marshawn Lynch'n it
Run through a motherfucker's face like ig'nant, isn't it, domain eminent, we the preeminent
Villainous willingness, spittin' this ready raw rap shit rhyme ridiculous
Enemy grave, he diggin' it then we piss in it, us go to hell, we been in it, gettin' it

[Chorus]
("Hey!") BUMAYE!
("Hey!") BUMAYE!
("Hey!") BUMAYE!
("Hey!") Yeah
....BUMAYE!

[El-P]
Ay, ay, ki-, ay kids!

I'm the fuckin' tits, I hold no regard for no fuckin' myths (ayy!)
I lived half my life to give half my cash to these half-man imps (ayy!)
They got half a heart, they give half a fuck, they got half the guns (woo!)
I got half an hour, I'll burn half a pound and I have to run
Killers of the earth get scared, you do not get one word, you do not live for the herd
Even you livin's absurd, better off kicked to the curb, that is my word
Back in the Berenstein timeline zip, no wins for the kid, oh shit, I got curved
In the Berenstain riff, I'm a Biff, so sick when the clock is lit, the whip swerve
It's like nothin' not broke, can't stand the scope in the booth; I disrobe
like pederast pope on a play-date, better call mayday, baby I'll spray, I'm an AK
They flayed and plated, I'm servin' dead meat fame to table
Cain to Abel, death's apprentice, Run the Jewels'll make last breaths Brexit

[Chorus]
("Hey!") BUMAYE!
("Hey!") BUMAYE!
("Hey!") BUMAYE!
("Hey!") BUMAYE!

[El-P] (Danny Brown)
Ay, ay (CHECK!)
Ay kids!

[Danny Brown]
Word architect, when I arch the tech, I'll part ya neck
Got bars on deck, that Xanax flow make you nod your head
Like a gram of blow, you inject, my words infect like insects havin incest
I'm in check, like payday on a Thursday and it's Wednesday
I'm sensei, you bouquet, you menstruate
That's pussy all on your template, we skate, skate on 'em twenty-eights
Get pearl tongue like every day, so I Run them Jewels in every state
I kill a mic with Killer Mike, roll Ls' outta Ps' wit' El-P
My self-esteem on king, got head so big, no crown can't fit me
Yo' bitch all on my ding-a-ling and when she ride on it, she wet like a jet-ski
Please be alarmed be warned, please be alarmed be warned
Give up that charm or get harmed
Watch too or your time gone, and the rings or your life get pawned and we gone

("You make my eardrums bleed and I will pinch you")